support local farmers, fertilizer, spray

details about
experience about the company
history about the company


-include map


1) Nana Dwobeng is my name. 2) I am the CEO and founder of Wodbeng.
3) we support the local community farmers. 
4) know order to meet ower clients demand. 
5) (experience): we started with the supply of rew cashew nuts in shell with the local company in Ghana hear for same year's before we are into international export. 
6) aware doors are open to trusted company's with long term partner busine

 we support the local community farmers provide help in harvesting the cashew as well as advice on the produce

 backlog
 -make navbar small height when scroll
 -send email to the client
 -send email to admin
 -google tag manager 
 -add google map


CEO and Founder of Wodbeng Company.
(Nana Dwobeng)
The company has a great portfolio. 
We initially began by supporting the local community farmers by fertilizers and finance in order to meet our client’s demands, also supplying the raw cashew nuts and muskmelon seeds in shell with the local companies, small and medium enterprises, and other organizations that work directly with family farmers in Ghana and abroad. 
We are a company of farmers, working for farmers. We are united across the world, integrating agricultural produce and services through local and global supply chains.
Our doors are open to companies with long term partnership business

 - edit image
 - edit click contact button
 - edit click about button


 CEO and Founder of Wodbeng Company. 
(Nana Dwobeng)
The company has a great portfolio. 
We initially began by supporting the local community farmers with fertilizers and finance in order to
 meet our client’s demands, also supplying the raw cashew nuts and muskmelon seeds in shell with the local companies, small and medium enterprises, and other organizations that work directly with family farmers in Ghana and abroad. 
We are a company of farmers, working for farmers. We are united across the world, integrating agricultural produce and services through local and global supply chains.

cashew nut dry
cashew nut on stage
cashew nut fruit
muskmelon seeds


NB:    exporters in raw cashew nuts and more



picture arrangement

must melon seeds
1. sack
2. seeds in bow
3. fruits

